Update readme.md (#102)
alastria/alastria-identity-example: README.md

node x.<script>
```

**WARNING**

> This is valid only for the Alastria environment. If we work with an internal implementation for testing purposes, we will have to change some parameters in the configuration files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is valid only for the Alastria testnet environment. If you are working on another environment, you will need change some parameters in the configuration files:
```

> - Smartcontracts deployed addresses: found in `node_modules/alastria-identity-lib/dist/config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Smart Contracts deployed addresses: found in `node_modules/alastria-identity-lib/dist/config.js`
```

Reviewer: Indeed, if you want to change the SC addresses, you need to:
1. Add the new addresses in `node_modules/alastria-identity-lib/alastria-identity/contracts/ContractInfo.md`
2. Then execute the script `configFile.js`. This can be done running `node src/configFile.js` when you are in the directory  `node_modules/alastria-identity-lib`
3. Finally transpilate with `tsc`

- NodeURL in `configuration.json`
- Have in mind that entities have to be created beforehand, so make sure the different variables for "entity" in configuration.json should probably be changed too.
- Also, have in mind that the only entity that can execute the issuer scripts is the account that deployed the contracts, so use its address in case it is asked for somewhere else.

> 

Reviewer: The two steps before are not really like you say.

The only thing its needed is the first **isuer** (not _entity_). First _issuer_ its created with de admin account, then the rest of identites (issuers, service providers and subjects) are created with this "first issuer".

> This is not an extensive list, but a hint for what to look for in case there are errors related to account management in test environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not an extensive list, but a hint of what to look for in case there are errors related to account management in test environments.
```
